throughout the winter adults come and go
from their traditional breeding colonies
antarctica is home to two million kings
in this one colony alone there are six
hundred thousand of them these engaging
chicks are so inquisitive that you only
have to sit down to their own level for
them all together around you to try and
discover what sort of creature you are
they were hatched at last summer and
like the albatross chicks they're just
coming to the end of their first winter
during that period their parents were
out at sea cutting food for them but
each tick was only said about once every
three weeks
let's for themselves saw so long they've
all gathered together to form immense
pressures this one contains about fifty
thousand chicks you might think that
this huge congregation would make it
almost impossible for parents returning
with food to find its own chick but not
so the fact is the parent and chick can
recognize one another's voice
a returning adult may spend hours
looking for its chick among such a crowd
for the young are a time to wonder the
chick were responded to experinced call
and the parent to the chicks whistle
eventually they each but instead of
feeding the chicks straight away the
adult leads it through the Rookery as if
to test the bond between them at last in
response to its chicks plaintive
entreaties the parent regurgitates a
meal and squid
a king penguin chick takes more than 12
months to real that means that the
adults can't breed annually at best they
raise two chicks every three years
because of this the breeding cycle of
any one pair slides out of phase with
the seasons
so now late in winter there are chicks
both young and old and adults at
different stages in their cycle some of
the adults are going through their pre
breeding molt before going to see to
fatten up for courtship others are
already courting parading back and forth
with a special ritualized walk
the male usually leads if the female is
sufficiently impressed the pair seal
their relationship with a vocal duet